Please add your example functional requirements below in the following format

Requirement_ID:FR001
Requirement Title: Paying with a credit card
Requirement Description: The new system will allow the user to pay with a credit card.  An external banking plugin will be used to process the payment.
Initials: KF

---------------------
Requirement_ID: FR001
Requirement Title: Register arrival of a patient
Requirement Description: The system will allow the user to confirm the attendance of a patient for their appointment. Only accessible to the Doctor or Receptionist.
Initials: ER

Requirement_ID: FR002
Requirement Title: View report of all appointments
Requirement Description: View a report of all booked appointments for all doctors in the surgery. Only accessible for the Practice Manager.
Initials: ER

Requirement_ID: FR003
Requirement Title: Create new patient record
Requirement Description: Create a new patient record, including name, address, date of birth and a notes field for any additional information.  Automatically assign a patient record number. Only available to Receptionist.
Initials: ER, EPE, NA

Requirement_ID:FR004
Requirement Title: Change an appointment, change the day, time or doctor for a particular patient.
Requirement Description: The new system must allow for the surgery to edit an appointment. This can be by changing the day, the time, or the doctor that has been assigned to the appointment.
Initials: EPE


Requirement_ID:FR005
Requirement Title: Making an appointment for a patient to see one of the doctors.
Requirement Description: The new system must allow for the receptionist to create an appointment for a patient to see one of the doctors. The receptionist will create them on the system after a patient contact via phone or in person
Initials: EPE, NA

Requirement_ID:FR006
Requirement Title: Log in  
Requirement Description: The new system will allow user to log in with their personal account and password. Any tabs or buttons that they do not have access to need to be invisible or not enabled.
Initials: NA

Requirement_ID:FR007
Requirement Title: View Records  
Requirement Description: A simple look-up of patient's details should be available to the Practice Manager, a doctor and a receptionist.
Initials: TJN

Requirement_ID:FR008
Requirement Title: Cancel Appointment  
Requirement Description: An appointment should be able to be cancelled by a doctor or receptionist.
Initials: TJN

Requirement_ID:FR009
Requirement Title: View all appointments for a particular doctor  
Requirement Description: A list of all appointments for a particular doctor can be made by a doctor or receptionist.
Initials: TJN

Requirement_ID:FR010
Requirement Title: Updating Records
Requirements Description: Existing records in the system should be able to be updated. Only the same level of access that created them record can update it.
Initials: AG

Requirement_ID:FR011
Requirement Title: Specifiy Availability of Doctor
Requirement Description: A doctor should be able to enter periods of time that they are unavailable to take appointments. It should therefore not be possible to book an appointment with a doctor who is not available for that time and date.
Initials: AG

Requirement_ID:FR012
Requirement Title: Doctor Cost Reporting
Requirement Description: A report should be able to be automatically generated showing the running costs of each doctor.
Initials: AG

Requirement_ID:FR013
Requirement Title: Doctor Prescription Report
Requirement Description: A report that lists all prescriptions handed out for a specific doctor each day.
Initials: CR

Requirement_ID:FR014
Requirement Title: Record of Room used
Requirement Description: A report that lists all date and times that a room within the surgery has been used and by which doctor.
Initials: CR

Requirement_ID:FR015
Requirement Title: Record of all running medications prescribed to a patient
Requirement Description: A report that lists all prescriptions a patient currentlty recieves. 
Initials: CR


