Please add your non-functional requirements in the following style

Requirement ID: NFR001
Requirement Title: Response Time
Requirement Description: The system will respond within 0.5 seconds to the user.
Initials: KF


Requirement ID: NFR001
Requirement Title:  Protecting Data
Requirement Description: Patient data and private information is kept securely this will prevent the surgery from breaching data protection.
Initials: ER , EPE

Requirement ID: NFR002
Requirement Title: Reliable System
Requirement Description: System is kept online at all times, or with as little downtime as possible
Initials: ER, NA

Requirement ID: NFR003
Requirement Title: Errors 
Requirement Description: The system should keep a log of all mistakes and errors, to allow for easy maintainability by engineers. 
Initials: ER

Requirement ID: NFR004
Requirement Title: Capacity
Requirement Description: The system will need to support 4 people at once.
Initials: NA
	
Requirement ID: NFR005
Requirement Title: Back up 
Requirement Description: The system will offer the efficiency for data back-up.
Initials: NA
	
Requirement ID: NFR006
Requirement Title: Usability
Requirement Description: The system must not be too difficult to learn and operate for the staff members at the surgery.
Initials: EPE

Requirement ID: NFR007
Requirement Title: Accessibility 
Requirement Description: The system must be accessible to a wide range of users. For example, one staff member may not have perfect vision so font size must be sufficient. Another user may suffer from colour blindness, so selecting the right colour combinations is important. 
Initials: EPE

Requirement ID: NFR008
Requirement Title: Documentation
Requirement Description: The system must come with sufficient documentation, especially regarding user manuals.
Initials: TJN

Requirement ID: NFR009
Requirement Title: Documentation
Requirement Description: The system must come with the contact information of the support team, for the client's to use in the case of crashes and other errors.
Initials: TJN

Requirement ID: NFR010
Requirement Title: Documentation
Requirement Description: Users must be informed about The Computer Misuse Act (CMA) 1990 and other important aspects of handling data.
Initials: TJN
	
